    So let's start with the feedback. All right, let's go through it. So I would probably estimate your score at 5.5. The main things I would say you need to work on is for some of your part one answers, they're very short. Oh yeah. There was no real reasoning supporting. So you have to try and show your fluency a little bit more by providing more detail in the part one. And just one word about part three as well. Part three, the questions are more generally speaking. Oh yeah. So a lot of your answers were talking about your situation. But if you look at most of the part three questions there, why do some young people, is it beneficial for young people? It's more generally speaking than your personal. So I would say in part three, make sure that you don't talk about your situation. OK. One and two is for usually your situation. OK. All right. All that other thing, probably that's bringing your score down a little bit is grammar errors. They're kind of like persistent. So some of them that are popping up is like you're using the article A with plural, like you're saying. A lot of opportunities. So A plus plural that was popping up throughout. So you can say like a lot of or lots of either of those is fine. Oh yeah. A lot of people, lots of people. And another habit of yours was in my country, Hava. Hava. Yeah. So you should be saying in my country, there are. There are. Yeah. And again, when I asked you about differences in part three, I think has a huge differences. I think there are. There are. I think there are huge differences. In my country, there are many wild animals. Some with question forms as well, I asked you do people like, blah, blah, blah, do people like moving? You answered, I think it is. The subject is people. Do people like moving? Yeah. I think they do. I think they do like moving. Or I don't think they do. Bit of vocabulary work. What's the difference between neighborhood? Neighborhood, I think. Neighborhood is more, I'm not sure. No. Yeah, okay, no worries. Neighbor is the person. Person, yeah. Right. Neighborhood is the area. Ah, okay. So you would say, you know, Gangnam is very busy neighborhood. Or it's an expensive neighborhood. But when you were talking about your situation, about the package, it was your neighbor. Neighborhood. Yeah. So your neighbor like caught the thief? You got a good neighbor. So yeah, neighbor is person. Okay. A few things, just about pronunciation. So various. Various. Various. Yeah, it's not various. Various. Zoo, zoo. Yeah, nice hard Z sound there. Zoo, zoo. A little bit between like L and R, like lion, lion. So I would practice, I would practice a few of those. When you talked about seeing a lion, you could use this expression. I want to see a lion with my own eyes. Oh, okay. With my own eyes, this means directly in person. Yeah. I'm so yeah, we can look at them a little bit more. But like, you answer all the questions well. Just definitely make sure part three is general. Okay. And we'll try and improve the grammar a little bit. Okay. Alright, thank you. Thank you. Cheers.